where
how about youtube's personal friends
here again I bring you another video
tutorial showing them a new hack for
another game and well then this in this
hack they will be able to have a lot of money
a lot of diamonds and a lot of keys
to unlock all treasures
that they win in what is when each
heading for that let's start
We need three requirements that
we need to have the egg already installed
what is on the device we need
a program to be able to do via ssh and
able to replace certain files that
We will download and good download
also what is the files are
several files in which you
they have to replace here and remember
save backup before
replace these of these files
and let's start let's connect
our computer device in
my case is an ipad2 and we are going to use
bag in my case what is the iphone box
responsible winzip and cyber doc explorer
6 and itunes any type of program
that can allow you to login via ssh to
your device and well, I have here
what is the iphone box and once
connected your device are going to go to
what is the mobile bar route
applications and Ivan are going to look for what
it's the egg folder
like me here
well I see it here is the folder of the
game is the game folder they are called
of h3 good when you are inside
the game folder the base three
folders and another folder more than the
he pointed to app and two and two files where
you have that is the folder where it says
documents and here inside if they find
some kind of file what they are going to do
is to eliminate it but remember before
delete it please saved copy of
security and a very important note that
I want to leave in this video is that I
formerly lieutenant I can installed
but I did not remember that the level was
therefore what I did was to do the
trick method the fuck eliminate the
files that I had and replace with this
why he put me level 11 I'm not
sure if horse the level was voted
on another level for which I do not know I'm not
sure if you for example are in
level 15 events 25 and when replacing
these files puts it at level 11
unfortunately I'm sorry because
I'm really not sure if it takes away
what is the level but how are they going to have
the advantage that they will get all the
money all the diamonds and all
and the keys many keys to be able
unlock the treasures and very much
money and diamonds to be able to buy
all objects that see those that are
in the body and well then what is going to
do is select all the files
they will give it right click delete a
Once they have it removed they will copy
what is all the files that comes
in the folder that I left in the
description of the video the folder is
this one that we see here this folder includes
all these these files in which what
what we are going to do is simply
drag and paste it inside the
document folder of the game once
who have done that will only be the
wifi iphone box any circle
program they close it and they go to their
device we make a break
they open the game and when they open the game
they will have this surprise as they can
see appreciate here are going to have all this
amount of coins all this amount
of diamonds and all this amount of day
3 in which they will be able to buy everything
kind of things and well they will be
at level 11 or I do not know if it's going to
maintain what is the level that you
they had previously there were friends me
dismissal with a greeting for all of you
I hope you are well I hope that you
this new check and one works
have some
some period of some game that you
want you to get what is the
factor let's say the comments me with
I will help you if it is possible if the
I find what the hack is and it works
I gladly I will upload to youtube
or dotcom exponent so that they can
download and enjoy without saying goodbye
greetings to all of you I hope that
send you have a good day
little hands up if you like this
video comment subscribe and see you
until next time
chao chao